Problem:
Cause:
Solution:

Problem: The Dropdowns in the nav on mobile screen were not dropping down.
Cause: I got the dropdown template from an older version of bootstrap where the field was data-toggle.
Solution: Changed the data field name to data-bs-toggle.

Problem: The bootstrap collapse function was opening when clicked.
Cause: The template I used was from an older version of bootstrap where the field was data-target.
Solution: Changed the data field name to data-bs-target.

Problem: The sale banner is below the toggle sidebar option on the list products page.
Cause: The toggle sidebar button is written above the banner.
Solution: 

Problem: When the product page loads, the arrow on the accordion is pointing up when it should be pointing down.
Cause: The correct class is not written to the element.
Solution: Append the collapsed class to each accordion button.

Problem: The nav bar has disappeared from the home page.
Cause: I added the d-lg-none class to the row that contains the nav bar as it isn't necessary on the main page.
Solution: Used JS to remove the class when the index page loads, and then to add the class again once the page unloads.

Problem: There are two burger icons on the mobile version on the product list page which do nothing.
Cause: One burger icon was in place on the home screen for the departments, but isn't necessary on the products list page. The other burger icon was still in place from legacy code.
Solution: Set JS to hide the burger icon when on the list products page.

Problem: When you click on the parent category, nothing is displayed.
Cause: The product is only shown when the child category is clicked, the parent category isn't associated with the product.
Solution: Wrote code in views.py which will fetch the children of a parent category if it was selected.

Problem: When the sorting in descending, the current option isn't selected in the box.
Cause: The if statements within the options doesn't include [option]_desc, only [option]_asc
Solution: Added an or option to each if statement to include desc.

Problem: The sidebar was squashed into the middle of the screen, rather than displaying on the left.
Cause: I added an ID of nav-sidebar to the parent div on the row level, which had CSS written for it telling the div to transformX: 50%.
Solution: Moved the ID to be for the toggle button, apposed to the whole div.

Problem: On smaller screens there is a horizontal scroll.
Cause: After searching across the DOM I couldn't find the specific element that was wider than the vp.
Solution: Set the max width of every element to 100vw.

Problem: When adding a new product, clicking the submit and view product would return an error. "Reverse for 'product_detail' with arguments '(None,)' not found. 1 pattern(s) tried: ['products/(?P<product_id>[0-9]+)/\\Z']""
Cause: This was caused by the form being reset to blank (Which prevents the form being submitted multiple times), this caused the form instance to be blank, so the product ID could not be found.
Solution: I reset the form on the other two redirects, but not the redirect that sends the user to the product page.

Problem: On mobile display the toggle departments button was changing shape when the menu was expanded.
Cause: Something was making the text larger, so it went across two lines.
Solution: Made the width of both boxes wider so the text doesn't go on two lines.

Problem: The current sorting selector wasn't being selected sometimes on the list products page.
Cause: The django if statement for adding the selected attribute didn't account for the sort key being selected without a direction.
Solution: Added current_sorting.sort, current_sorting.direction and current_sorting.combined so DJango if statements can check for just one part of the sortkey.

Problem: The cart won't update the product quantity.
Cause:  I left out the equals when setting the action of the form.
Solution: Put the equals in and test it now works.

Problem: An error is thrown when trying to update a product and redirect to the products page.
Cause: The correct product ID was not being passed to the redirect url.
Solution: Used the product ID that was passed to the function rather than trying to get the id from the instance.
